docs: document auth override, cors, graphql tutorial (#728)
encoredev/encore: docs/develop/cors.md

    //
    // The URLs in this list may include wildcards (e.g. "https://*.example.com"
    // or "https://*-myapp.example.com").
    "allow_origins_with_credentials": [...string],
}
```

## Allowed origins

The main CORS configuration is the list of allowed origins, meaning which websites are allowed
to access your API (via browsers).

For this purpose, CORS makes a distinction between requests that contain authentication information
(cookies, HTTP authentication, or client certificates) and those that do not. CORS applies stricter
rules to authenticated requests.

By default, Encore allows unauthenticated requests from all origins but disallows requests that do
include authorization information from other origins. This is a good default for many APIs.
This can be changed by setting the `allow_origins_without_credentials` key (see above).
For convenience Encore also allows all origins when developing locally.

For security reasons it's necessary to explicitly specify which origins are allowed to make
authenticated requests. This is done by setting the `allow_origins_with_credentials` key (see above).

## Allowed headers and exposed headers

> CORS also allows you to specify which headers are allowed to be sent by the client ("allowed headers"), and which headers
> are exposed to scripts running in the browser ("exposed headers").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CORS also lets you specify which headers are allowed to be sent by the client ("allowed headers"), and which headers are exposed to scripts running in the browser ("exposed headers").
```

> By default Encore automatically configures these headers based on its static analysis. That is, if your API
> defines a response type that contains a header Encore automatically adds that header to the list of exposed headers,
> and similarly for allowed headers in request types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encore automatically configures headers by parsing your program using static analysis. If your API defines a response type that contains a header, Encore will automatically add the header to the list of exposed and allowed headers in request types.
```
